the present food surplus can specifically serve the purpose of helping western china restore its woodlands , grasslands , and the beauty of its landscapes .
the establishment and design of projects must be fully debated and repeated comparisons must be made in order to make the project stand the test of time .
establish modernized meteorological , hydrological , and communications facilities , strengthen analysis and research of rainfall and water conditions , and improve the accuracy of forecasting .
following the reversion of hong kong and taiwan to the motherland , the issue of settling the taiwan problem is conspicuously facing the entire chinese people .
just like before , hundreds of villagers gathered at the square in front of the ancestral hall of the chung family to have mass greetings .
the master of the house is 69-year-old chung chi-chien , a retired public servant . he has three sons , one daughter , and three grandsons .
lam tsuen has enjoyed a long history . the ancestors of the villagers relocated here in the late years of song dynasty , which was 700 years ago .
acting russian prime minister putin specifically pointed out at the recent russian federation security council meeting that the new military doctrine is " a reply to nato . "
in order to be respected by others , it is essential to maintain nuclear potential and regard nuclear weapons as " political instruments for curbing the enemy . "
military experts point out that unless the russian authorities send in their armed forces , it is hardly imaginable that victory could be won in the chechen war .
hence , the military doctrine by which the russian armed forces were only used to deal with external aggression no longer suits today 's reality .
the people 's bank of china should make a public announcement on the issuing time , denomination , and major features of the corrected renminbi .
article 23 renminbi that are no longer in circulation , and are flawed or stained , should be recovered and destroyed by the people 's bank of china .
wang guangya reiterated that the chinese government will " resolutely defend china 's sovereignty , territorial integrity , national dignity , and national security . "
in this year 's new year fireworks show featuring a large number of series of varieties , fireworks of more than 200 varieties in 16 series were used .
mccain has been a congressman for many years . he was in the vietnam war , and spent five and a half years as a prisoner of war .
in addition , china 's economy as a growing force to be reckoned with in the global economy is another area that attracted much attention .
in view of the failure of the minister-level wto meeting in seattle , many participants wondered when another round of multilateral trade talks should be launched .
at the same time , representatives of the developing countries expressed great concern for the widening gap between the rich and the poor in the electronic age .
south africa 's president mbeki said that the information revolution brought by the internet has further widened the gap between the developing and the developed countries .
the hard-working , brave , clever , and wise chinese people can surely solve their own affairs and will finally realize the motherland 's complete reunification .
some people even believe that the united states asked for it since it refused to heed advice initially and had made a mess of things .
at present the main taiwan shipping companies have apparently completed their " struggle for berths " and associated preparatory work prior to the opening of direct sea routes .
chairman lee also said that all the people will have a chance to watch a play and see what a " modern wang mang " looks like .
the wealth of the united states belongs to the united states . the resources in china belong to china . british patents belong to britain .
after the lights were switched off , the jeep was like a small sandbag quietly waiting at a spot not far from the launching tower .
i just wanted to watch the " shenzhou " soar into the heaven from nearby .. after the triumph , i can finally talk about it now .
pointing at wang yongzhi , qian xuesen said to the chief designer : " this young man 's opinion is correct , and do as he says ! "
it turned out that the rocket 's range lengthened after some of the propellant was removed , and all the three missiles launched hit the target .
the following day he flew to the launch site and immediately convened a technical discussion meeting on whether to open up the craft to carry out crash repairs .
i looked toward the launch tower ; the tip of the spacecraft atop the rocket glinted in the dark desert as it moved away from the tower .
commander liu was full of emotion as he talked about the space city in the gobi , and even the 180,000 xinjiang poplars were full of vitality .
on the two rest days of the week , when things are quietest , liu mingshan brings flowers and stands alone before his wife 's memorial .
i will not only fulfill on time the task assigned me by the leadership but will ensure that it exceeds the leadership 's expectations . "
china 's science and technology publishers have borne the dual pressures of a surplus number of science and technology magazines and an excessive emphasis on foreign appraisal systems .
this means that in a period of 15 years , the number of articles published in scientific and technical periodicals domestically in china fell relatively by 26.2 percent .
the overemphasis on publishing abroad is not only divergent from objective reality , but also is not advantageous to the development of china 's scientific and technical journals .
in the course of its interventions , it has even created for the united states a new method of war : " war without engagement . "
political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .
after israel began the air raids , palestine immediately made a strong response , expressing indignation over israel 's arrogant act of ignoring the regional peace process .
according to the relevant wto provisions , developing countries will in some respects enjoy differentials and favored treatment that are different from the developed countries .
the ecologically fragile areas in western china will speed up the development of agricultural production and water-efficient dry crops that can help preserve the ecological environment .
meanwhile , we will tighten the management of various trades with guidelines and speed up setting up the systems governing market information and agricultural standards .
the result of that meeting fully demonstrated the heightened conflict between the developing and the developed countries in the ways they handled global economic affairs .
third , it is necessary to sell domestic air route rights by open auction to encourage competition and remove the monopoly and privileges of caac-affiliated enterprises .
the steady transition of macao and the smooth handover of power is another successful practice of the " one country , two systems " concept .
after macao 's return to the motherland , the relationship between the msar and the region of taiwan has become a special component part of the cross-strait relationship .
last year the port handled 15.89 million containers , a figure which lifted the port into the status of china 's second largest container port .
li peng said that guangdong nuclear power has achieved great success in recent years , and i hope you will continue to work hard and do still better .
we mainly owe these scientific and technological achievements to our adherence to the party 's scientific and technological policies and respect to knowledge and talent .